OBSDOCS-556: Updating logging alerts docs (#65341)
openshift/openshift-docs: logging/logging_alerts/log-storage-alerts.adoc

:_content-type: ASSEMBLY
[id="log-storage-alerts"]
include::_attributes/common-attributes.adoc[]
= Log storage alerts
:context: log-storage-alerts

toc::[]

In logging 5.7 and later versions, you can configure your LokiStack deployment to produce log-based alerts.

> Application, audit, and infrastructure alerts are sent to the Cluster Monitoring Operator (CMO) Alertmanager in the `openshift-monitoring` namespace by default unless you have disabled the local `Alertmanager` instance.

Reviewer: Using the same jargon used by the monitoring docs. I'm also fine with cutting `OpenShift Container Platform monitoring stack` 
```suggestion
Application, audit, and infrastructure alerts are sent to the Alertmanager in the core OpenShift Container Platform monitoring stack under the `openshift-monitoring` namespace by default unless you have disabled the local `Alertmanager` instance.
```

> Application alerts are not sent to the CMO Alertmanager in the `openshift-user-workload-monitoring` namespace by default unless you have enabled a separate `Alertmanager` instance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Application alerts are not sent to the Alertmanager used to monitor user-defined projects under the `openshift-user-workload-monitoring` namespace by default unless you have enabled a separate `Alertmanager` instance.
```

Reviewer: > unless you have enabled a separate `Alertmanager` instance.

I'm still confused about this part, here are we referring to the dedicated `Alertmanager` Admins can enable for the namespace `openshift-user-workload-monitoring` or are we talking about an external instance of `Alertmanager`? Because if it's the first then I think we should rephrase things differently:
```
Application alerts will be sent to the Alertmanager used to monitor user-defined projects under the `openshift-user-workload-monitoring` namespace if enabled.
```
